Summary of Page 1:
recruitment Extensive REPORT Candidate Lee Jian Yuan Overall Score Leadership 7/10 Agility 6/10 Cultural Fit 5/10 Assessed on 13 March 2024 Report generated on 13 march 2024 . the results within this report are estimated to be valid for 12 months .

Summary of Page 2:
this Recruitment Report provides you the results of the candidate during the assessments . it explores the candidate's competencies, motivators, and aptitude in the context of an organisation . the results in this report should be considered alongside other available information .

Summary of Page 3:
Quickview Leadership Business Acumen 8/10 Dealing with Ambiguity 5/10 Strategic thinking 8/10 People management and development 6/10 Agility Learning Agility 7/10 Cognitive Ability 5/10Cultural Fit Purpose Driven 3/10 Performance Oriented 5/10 Principles Led 7/10 Most motivated by: security Absence Of Stress Cooperativeness Recruitment Extensive Report (IC) for Lee Jian YuanPage 2Overall Score 6/10 7/10 6/105/10 10 10 10 9 1 2 2 Consistency

Summary of Page 4:
Leadership Leadership is core to organisational success . the section below describes how well does a person's behavioural tendencies, abilities and drivers match the organisation’s leadership framework .

Summary of Page 5:
behavioural tendencies, abilities and drivers match the organisation’s leadership framework . Dealing with Ambiguity Lee may be seen as having broad and varied ideas and intellectual interests . focusing on innovation and creativity, but being unrealistic or impractical at times .

Summary of Page 6:
leadership leadership is core to organisational success . the section below describes how well does a person's behavioural tendencies, abilities and drivers match the organisation’s leadership framework . Lee may be seen as striking a balance between detail focus and big picture perspective .

Summary of Page 7:
people management and development 6/10 Denition: Manages and develops individuals to perform at their best . Lee may be willing to take on leadership roles, but also comfortable as a team player . Able to be directive and controlling when necessary .

Summary of Page 8:
Cognitive Ability is the ability and uidity to learn new information and solve problems in short amount of time . Learning Agility 7/10 About You: Lee may be seen as preferring to leverage existing strengths, but willing to develop new ones . Believing that people's abilities are dicult to change, but some skills can be developed through hard work, training and education .

Summary of Page 9:
Learning Agility is the natural tendency and willingness to learn new information . Cognitive Ability is the ability and uidity to learn . logical conclusions from complex verbal information are drawn .

Summary of Page 10:
Low Cultural Fit High Does not necessarily believe the organisation's mission and vision . does what is necessary to meet targets and achieve what is expected while completing tasks at own pace .

Summary of Page 11:
denition high 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 910 Prefers plain hierarchical structures . considers authorities as less important . believes it's important to tackle conicts openly . does not place high value on team harmony .

Summary of Page 12:
denition High 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 910 Concerned Realistic, nervous, self-criticalPositivityHopeful Resilient, cheerful, overly optimistic Consistent Predictable, consistent, inexibleFlexibility Flexible Open to new ideas and experiences . a low consistency score indicates that the candidate has not attempted the behavioural assessment seriously .

Summary of Page 13:
CBI Guide Competency-based Interview (CBI) is an interviewing method where questions are systematically designed and asked to target specic competencies . candidates are queried to provide concrete examples to the questions being asked .

Summary of Page 14:
Lee may be seen as having broad and varied ideas and intellectual interests . focused on innovation and creativity, but being unrealistic or impractical at times . enjoy working with theoretical or abstract issues and ideas . more interested in working with long term strategy and direction .

Summary of Page 15:
Lee may be seen as having broad and varied ideas and intellectual interests . more interested in focusing on long term strategy and direction . Able to adopt a methodical approach to tasks when necessary .

Summary of Page 16:
Lee may be seen as having broad and varied ideas and intellectual interests . focused on innovation and creativity, but being unrealistic or impractical at times . more interested in focusing on long term strategy and direction .

Summary of Page 17:
Lee may be willing to take on leadership roles, but also comfortable as a team player . aware of the emotional side of situations, but not overly inuenced by it . sometimes unsympathetic to misfortunes perceived as caused by poor decisions .

Summary of Page 18:
ACCENDO is a HR Technology organisation specialising in organisational selection, development and retaining talent . our team of experienced organisational psychologists with specic market expertise offer proactive, exible, pioneering solutions . Accendo has the technology and the tools to attract, manage, nurture and retain the people you need the most .

